Cultural contribution Hello class, today we're going to explore the amazing cultural
contributions of the United Arab Emirates, a country full of creativity, tradition, and global ideas.
Think of the UAE's culture like a glowing lantern-sharing light, warmth, and beauty with the world.
From the past to today, people from this region have made contributions that still inspire others.
Before the UAE was formed in 1971, the region was part of the Arabian Peninsula
and was home to many great scholars. One of them was Imam Ahmad Ibn Hanbal,
780 to 855 CE. He wrote Moussnat Ahmad Ibn Hanbal, a large book of Hadith. His teachings helped guide
Muslim life. Ibn Haldun, 1332 to 1406 CE, was another famous thinker. He wrote the Makadema,
a book that explains how history works. Many people call him the first real historian and sociologist.
These scholars show that the Arabian Peninsula was a center of knowledge that helped shape the world.
Today, the Sheikh Zaid grand mosque in Abu Dhabi shows how art and architecture continue
to share the UAE's culture. It's peaceful white domes, welcome people from all around the world.
Cultural influence continues today. The UAE is full of talented people making a difference.
Aza al-Kubasi is the UAE's first jewelry designer. She uses palm fronds, desert stones,
and pearls in her artwork. Her angel tears collection honors the UAE's pearl-diving history.
Abdul Qadr al-Rais is a famous painter. His art uses Arabic calligraphy, colors,
and shapes to show memory, identity, and culture. His work is shown around the world.
Dr. Mariam Matar is a scientist and health leader. She started the Sheikh Zaid Genetic Research Center
and teaches people about diseases like thalassemia.
The UAE also celebrates its culture with big events like Expo 2020 Dubai,
the Sheikh Zaid Heritage Festival, and National Day. People enjoy traditions like camel racing,
alayala dance, Arabic music, and Emirati hospitality.
Even today, Emirati art, language, and music connect the UAE with the world.